---
layout: post
title: 2018 FAQ
date: 2018-03-16 12:00
category: Preseason
author: Brian Lee
---

<br>

*Cambridge Water Polo Players and Families,*

<br>

I hope your water polo off-season is going well.  There are lots of spring sports going on but it still seemed an appropriate time to provide you with some information on the Cambridge Water Polo program.

<br>

Yes, Cambridge Water Polo is alive and well with plans being worked on for the upcoming 2018 season.  I recently attended the GHSWPA Spring Meeting and can report that the League is continuing to grow as it has welcomed another new team to the League.  Work is underway on a CWP website and there are plans for a CWP Summer Clinic and scrimmages.  Lauren Hall and I have been in communication working on the logistics and planning for the CWP 2018 season.

<br>

I wanted to pass along some information on the Cambridge Water Polo as many of you have asked about the plans for this this upcoming season.  Here are answers to some frequently asked questions.

<br>

### FAQ
**How many teams will CWP have this year?**

- We are planning to have two CWP teams in the fall.  With the increased interest and participation, plus the success of the CWP team last year, we will be having one Division 2 and one Division 3 team this fall.  Both teams will be co-ed as has been done since the inception of CWP.  The CWP coaches will determine the rosters for the D2 and D3 teams before the fall season.

<br>

**Is Coach Lee returning?**

* Yes.  Brian Lee is pleased to be returning as the CWP Head Coach for 2018. 

<br>

**How do I register for CWP 2018?**

* Attached is the CWP Registration form.  All parts of the form including the medical waiver and concussion awareness need to be completed and signed.  Checks can be given to Coach Hall at Cambridge High School or mailed to Coach Lee.

<br>

**When is CWP 2018 Season Registration Due?**

* In the past we have left it open till early August, but with plans to have some summer Water Polo clinics and scrimmages, any player wanting to participate in the summer activities will need to have completed the registration forms before being permitted to participate.

<br>

**How can I help with CWP?**

* Players: We need each returning player to talk up Cambridge Water Polo to their friends and siblings.  CWP is a club sport open to middle and high school aged students.  Especially encourage middle school kids as we need to keep a pipeline of kids coming into the CWP program.  Parents: To run the CWP program with two teams, I need help with additional coaches, a table worker coordinator, sponsorship coordinator, team photographer, marketing coordinator, and the end of season banquet committee.

<br>

**Do we know the fall game and practice schedule?**

* The league has not completed the scheduling process so we don’t have our fall game schedules at this time.  Practice times and location for the fall are being worked out.  We’ll announce the schedules when we have them.

<br>

**Summer Clinic and Practices**

* Plans are being made to have at least one water polo clinic and possibly several scrimmages in June and July.  Coach Lee is still working on these so look forward to more information once plans are confirmed.  These summer CWP events will be available to all players who have completed their American Water Polo Membership, CWP Registration forms, and paid the 2018 CWP registration fee.

<br>

**Are there other off-season Water Polo activities?**

* Yes.  Below is one that may interest you from Dynamo Water Polo.  Coach Lee is planning on attending the Dynamo Clinic as one of the helpers.

<br>

**Dynamo Water Polo Spring clinic - BOOK now to LOCK IN early bird special**

Dear players and parents,

Dynamo Masters' Water polo is pleased to announce its spring water polo clinic for middle and high school water polo players. Information is included on the flyer attached and below.

Lead by Masters coaches and players with a combined experience of decades of playing water polo, we wish to invite you to a course of water polo basic and advanced techniques.

<br>

**Middle school players (Sat 4/21 2-7pm):**

- Review the basics of ball handling, passing, shooting, 
- Break down team offense and defense structure
- Understand team play during exclusions after major fouls

<br>

**High school players (Sun 4/22 12-6pm):**
- Advanced ball handling skills
- Tips to improve shot accuracy and power
- Review decision making in critical team offensive or defensive possesions
- Higher level man-up and man-down team strategies

<br>

Don't miss this opportunity for this unique crash course! Spots are limited; we will reserve student spots in a first-come-first-serviced basis.

<br>

'Early bird' special rate is $80 per student entry (before 4/1/2018). Regular rate of $100 per student entry when booked on or after 4/1/2018.

<br>

[Click HERE for Registation!!!](http://www.dynamowaterpolo.com/p/dynamo-youth-clinics.html)

Questions: [Dynamowpc@gmail.com](Dynamowpc@gmail.com)



 
